Fix: Correct Spack capitalization in tutorial files. (#439)
spack/spack-tutorial: tutorial_configuration.rst

Variant preferences
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> As we'veseen throughout this tutorial, HDF5 builds with MPI enabled by default in Spack.

Author: ```suggestion
As we've seen throughout this tutorial, HDF5 builds with MPI enabled by default in Spack.
```

For examples of how other sites configure Spack, see https://github.com/spack/spack-configs.
If you use Spack at your site and want to share your config files, feel free to submit a pull request!

> 
> [end of tutorial_configuration.rst]

Author: ```suggestion
```
